International efforts to bring about the
ceasefire in Gaza are gathering Pace the
political leader of Hamas isma hania is
expected in the Egyptian Capital to
review a proposal put forward in Paris
over the weekend a temporary halt in
fighting could allow for more Aid
deliveries into Gaza while more Israeli
captives could be released from Gaza in
exchange for Palestinian prisoners
Hardline members of Israel's war cabinet
have threatened to collapse the
coalition government if any deal is not
not to their liking in Gaza there is no
letup in fighting rescue efforts are
ongoing after another night of Israeli
bombardment across the strip har Mahmud
is in Rafa in southern Gaza so another
night of heavy air strikes what is the
aftermath look like
hany well good morning to you Sammy and
for the past two days and despite the
intense bombing campaign pain across the
Gaza Strip gazans are anticipating with
a great deal of optimism for a possible
initial ceasefire at least uh just to
stop the ongoing Mass killing of
Palestinians across the Gaza Strip even
if it meant it to be only a couple uh or
a few weeks as is stated in the the
leaked documents or the reports that
emerged from Paris and Cairo about a
possible deal between Israel and Hamas
so far the Hamas position is that there
is no deal unless there is an immediate
ceasefire and into all hostilities as
well as a complete withdrawal of the
Israeli military from the entire Gaza
Strip and the ability of the 1.9 million
displaced Palestinians to go back to
their homes in Gaza and the northern
part despite the great deal of
Destruction caused by by the ongoing
bombings they still people here still
want to go back you know we get every
day since the the the reports started to
emerge about this possible deal people
started bombarding us with the questions
about about the possible ceasefire when
it's going to happen What are the
details people are so eager because they
are growing tired exhausted largely
traumatized and did they just want an
end to all of this and have the ability
to go back to Gaza and the North been
part and you just want to live a
peaceful day just by the time this this
whole thing is
ending all right we'll leave you there
thanks so much Hy
Mahmud